feat: week 1-8 reviewer notes (#25)
Code-the-Dream-School/school-pages: src/pages/node-express/reviewer-notes-week-1.md

---
title: Week 1 Reviewer Notes (node/express)
description: Reviewer notes for week 1 of the node/express CTD course
layout: "../../layouts/genericMarkdownFile.astro"
---

# Lesson 1: Node Introduction

Students complete the node tutorial up to part 12, the http server.

[Lesson page](https://learn.codethedream.org/ctd-node-express-class-lesson-1a-node-introduction/)

> [Tutorial video](https://www.youtube.com/watch?t=13246&v=Oe421EPjeBE&feature=youtu.be)

Reviewer: The current link starts the video somewhere in the beginning

```suggestion
[Tutorial video](https://youtu.be/Oe421EPjeBE) from start to 1:45:57. That is, until the end of the `Http Module (More Features)` chapter
```

Author: fixed

# Tedium

This is a copy-and-paste-heavy assignment. Since students put their work into a
different folder, it's quite tricky to understand exactly what they changed
unless you know the course well. As a workaround, you can move student work
into the not-answers folder to easily see exactly what (if anything) they
changed compared to the boilerplate that comes with the course:

```bash
git remote add $STUDENT_NAME $STUDENT_REMOTE_URI
git fetch $STUDENT_NAME
git checkout $STUDENT_NAME/$STUDENT_BRANCH
# Note that students often put their work in random places, but this is where
# it's supposed to be according to directions!
cp 01-node-tutorial/answers/*.js 01-node-tutorial
git diff
```

Also, note that example in `../01-node-tutorial/1-event-loop-examples` and

> `../01-node-tutorial/1-event-loop-examples` are not mentioned in CTD lesson

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`../01-node-tutorial/2-async-patterns` are not mentioned in CTD lesson
```

Author: fixed
